1. Does a new supplement help people sleep better?

Goal: Identify whether a new supplment (sleeping pill) help people sleep better or not. 

Two versions - Control & Test versions
  - Regular pill for control version
  - Actual supplemental for the test version

Sample - Randomly selected people who'd would be likely to take supplemental pills (adults)

Hypothesis - The subject in the test group will sleep better

Outcomes - The subject in the test group will have a statistically significant reduction in the time it takes to fall asleep

Other variables - Gender, hours worked per week, age, marital status, number of children, type of work etc.,

2. Will new uniforms help a gym's business?

Two versions - Control & Test
  - Control - Existing uniform for control version
    Test - New uniform for the test version


Sample - Select a few trainers to wear the new and old uniform randomly

Hypothesis - The new gym uniform will bring customer's attention and give gym a more professional outlook which in turn will improve business. 

Outcomes - The subject in the test group will have a significant word of mouth marketing due to their new outlook and so on

Other variables - Gender, age, time of the day, logo on the shirt etc., 



3. Will a new homepage improve my online exotic pet rental business?

Two versions - Control & Test

 Control - Keep the existing home page for control version
 Test - Develop a new home for test version


Sample - Randomly select a few customers say like every 3rd customer and redirect them to either new page and others to old home page

Hypotheis - The new homepage will have more features for the online customers to navigate the products easily and this in turn will improve the business and customer experience 

Outcomes - The subject in the test group will have a statistically significant increase in the online business

Other variables - number of products, number of hits and purchases made, data traffic, online vs physical store visit


4. If I put 'please read' in the email subject will more people read my emails?

Test versions - Control & Test

   Control - Control version will not have 'please read' in the email subject
   Test  - Test version will have 'please read' in the email subject

Sample - Select a few random people within your contacts and send email with or without 'please read' in the subject 

Hypothesis - Placing 'please read' in the email subject will make more of my emails to be read on time

Outcomes - Use email read feature in the email server to detect the emails are read

Other variables - Gender, age , millienium kids etc., will make any difference as far as track who's paying attention to the 'please read' emails and so on


  